Did you check it out?
Is it really me who is drunk and promiscuous?
Does Mr. Guo still need to check?
Keep checking
Hello
What? I'll be there
Train to Tang Family Accident General
Are you so confused?
It's such a big thing to tell my mom now
I didn't expect to be pregnant either.
After every time I think about it
The truth is you, you, you
When can you save me some snacks?
I don't care if you young people fall in love
But our church
The Gu family are both famous figures
Tell me about it yourself. This is happening now
What to do next
Although our two families were already married
But now the news that Yu Sai is pregnant
If it gets out
Where do you want our Tang family's face to go?
Marriage can't be delayed any longer
There is no responsibility for this.
I will be responsible for
That's more like it.
Yuxi, what about marriage?
I'll ask the housekeeper to watch it for you.
You, stay at home obediently from today on
Can't run around like before, got it
It works because you didn't fight me